# Trailer Sound Design - From Source To Cinema

### Module 1: Basic and Advanced Processing

Jumping straight into getting you up-to-speed on the basics of audio processing, such as EQ, Reverb, Delay and Compression, all highly important for processing sound design elements.I will also, throughout the course, give you my own personal recommendations of the very best plug-ins and techniques for processors that I use on a daily basis.

‍

Processing is one of the most important aspect in the creation of sound design elements, so I will teach you more advanced processing techniques and workflows for sound design that build on the previous section to really let you twist and manipulate the sound your way – on a professional level.

‍

### Module 2: Capturing Organic Sounds

One of the things I highly advocate is recording your own samples. I will teach you which type of sound sources work for what, how to approach recording them, what to think about, and more. And if you don’t have a Zoom-recorder, you can use your iPhone! We’re capturing rare Pokémo… eh Organic Sounds here, folks!

‍

You will also receive all the samples I recorded for this course and see how I recorded them, such as my grandma’s crystal glass and juicy door slams to make huge Impacts, atmospheric Drones, and so on.

‍

### Module 3: Level Up Your Raw Recordings

You will learn how I take the recorded sounds from the previous chapter, and start processing and twisting them to something completely different and Hollywood-worthy. We will create Impacts, Drones, Whooshes, Alarms, and more.

‍

This is where the magic happens. It’s also the stage that separates the men from the boys.

‍

### Module 4: Creating Digital Sounds

Another big way to achieve thrilling and huge sounds is by synthesizing them.

‍

You will learn the different types of synthesis, how to use synthesizers such as Serum to synthesize your own sounds and create Trailer Percussion, Whooshes, Downers, Kicks and Snares, and so on. Unlock the awesome power of digital sound creation.

‍

By the end of this module you’ll be confident in using synthesizers to create kickass trailer sound effects.

‍

### Module 5: Breakdown

In this chapter I will be showing you how I planned, created and designed the sounds for my successful and highly sought-after trailer SFX library AVA: INSTINCT that can be heard across the industry right now.

‍

You’ll get a first-hand, in-depth walkthrough of how I created sounds like Braams, Whoosh-hits, Risers, and more.

‍

### Module 6: How To Get Your Sounds Out There

After you know how to plan, record, process and manipulate your own amazing sound effects, it’s only proper for you to know how to actually getting them out there in the world, based on my own experience and success.

‍

Whether it’s through licensing them to trailer houses, or if it’s creating your own library to sell to other composers and sound designers – I will show you how.

‍

### Module 7: Full Trailer Cue Breakdown

For the final part of the course, we will look at how to create a sound design trailer cue with our self-created Trailer FX – something that could be heard in the big cinemas.

‍

**Bonus Chapter!** I have included a bonus chapter where you will know my favorite resources, such as articles, links to free plug-ins and sample packs, inspiring videos on famous sound designers, and more.

‍

## Embedded Content

Enroll Now

---

Get Evenant Ultimate Now

---

0

cart

---

## Cart

× Close cart

Your cart is empty.

---

<iframe height="0" width="0" src="https://ss.evenant.com/_/service_worker/5a20/sw_iframe.html?origin=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.evenant.com&amp;1p=1" style="display: none; visibility: hidden;"></iframe>